Contributing Guide (#206)
grafana/grafonnet-lib: docs/index.md

## Scope

Grafonnet aims to support any basic feature of dashboards (annotations,

> templates, rows, panels...) as well as a number of datasources and plugins. That
> is, official plugins only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
templates, rows, panels...) as well as a number of datasources and plugins. That
is, core Grafana features only.
```

Author: Changed to "...core Grafana features and plugins...".
